Where was Claude Bourquard born?
Where was El Hefe born?
In which administrative territorial entity is Charlottenberg Station located?
Where was Deen Castronovo born?
Where was Jake Siegel educated?
In which administrative territorial entity is Onsala Space Observatory located?
Where is the headquarters of Vicks located?
In which administrative territorial entity is Ardal located?
To which ethnic group does Zvi Elimelech Halberstam belong?
What is the occupation of Candace Camp?
What genre does 'This Boy' belong to?
What was the original network for 'The Ghost Busters'?
What genre does Donnie Van Zant belong to?
In which administrative territorial entity are the Montiggler Seen located?
What position was held by Weneg?
To which movement does 'Jeux' belong?
What is the parent taxon of Adejeania?
In which country is Yerim Seowon located?
What is the 'Reverie Sound Revue' an instance of?
In which administrative territorial entity is Herring Cove Provincial Park located?
Who is the composer of 'Some Enchanted Evening'?
Which political party is Matthias Kleinheisterkamp a member of?
What genre does 'The Flatlanders' belong to?
What followed 'Rirura Riruha'?
What is an instance of Dewar Baronets?
In which conflict was Steven Roberts involved?
In which administrative territorial entity is Gogar located?
What is the main subject of 'Chaplin'?
Who is the developer of 'Virtua Cop 3'?
Which political party is Matsushige Ohno a member of?
What is the country of citizenship of Botan Ise Alin?
What is the parent taxon of Eocaecilia?
What is the date of death of Marcomer?
What followed Bagratid Armenia?
Which languages were spoken or written by Luigi Gaetano Marini?
Who was the director of photography for 'The 10th Victim'?
What is a 'Remote Component Environment' an instance of?
What is a subclass of the Napier Rapier?
Which record label is associated with 'Emociones'?
What genre does 'Drunk Enough to Dance' belong to?
In which administrative territorial entity is Carlton Colville located?
Which record label is associated with 'Rhythm of Love'?
What genre does 'The Eighth Day' belong to?
What is Myrtleville an instance of?
Where was Clive Anderson born?
What is the occupation of Simon Conway Morris?
Where was Frank L. Smith born?
What is the license of 'Sinatra'?
What is 'Magic: The Gathering' an instance of?
What is the date of birth of Kid Chaos?
What is the given name of Mohammad Yamin?
Where was Angelos Mavropoulos born?
Which political party is Hans Loritz a member of?
What was the original network for 'Baywatch The Movie: Forbidden Paradise'?
Where was Richard Todd born?
What is the publication date of 'Good Soil'?
Which record label is associated with 'Beautiful'?
What is the publication date of 'Mournful Unconcern'?
What is the original language of work for 'Solva Sawan'?
Which production company was involved in 'Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown'?
What is the occupation of Seikichi Odo?
On what surface is the Sydney International played?
In which administrative territorial entity is King Alfred's Tower located?
What is 'QGtkStyle' an instance of?
Which languages were spoken or written by Fan Ye?
What is the occupation of Roz Kaveney?
Which political party is Bill Taylor a member of?
Where did Ali Akbar Khan die?
Who was the producer of 'Neal 'N' Nikki'?
When was Krome Studios Melbourne dissolved or abolished?
In which administrative territorial entity is Alabama State Route 208 located?
Who is the operator of USCGC White Alder?
On which continent is the Chuluut River located?
What is an 'Astrolabe Needle' an instance of?
Where did Albert Luckenbach die?
In which conflict was Nguyen Huu Chanh involved?
What is 'The Well' an instance of?
Who is the mother of Vichitravirya?
What is the country of citizenship of Eli Kristiansen?
What is the country of citizenship of Khaidu?
What is the occupation of Jerry Ziesmer?
On which continent is Fletcher Island located?
In which country is Stagg Field located?
What was the original network for 'Batman Beyond'?
In which industry is Island Officials involved?
What is the occupation of Jack Burris?
Where was Vladimir Torlopov born?
What is an 'Ink Eraser' an instance of?
What are the Spantik-Sosbun Mountains an instance of?
What is the occupation of Brian McMahan?
Who is a member of the Turkey National Football Team?
What is the 'Pioneer Venus Multiprobe' an instance of?
What is the inception of Studiocanal UK?
What is Vermont Route 315 an instance of?
What is the given name of Abdelaziz Kamara?
What is the country of citizenship of Heli Koivula Kruger?
In which administrative territorial entity is Deli Serdang Regency located?
In which administrative territorial entity is Great Calva located?
What is the list of 'List of Child Saints'?
What genre does 'Mott the Hoople' belong to?
